[Music]
your eye color reveals your dominant
personality trait they say the eyes are
windows to the soul so what do yours say
mine say I'm ready for lunch both the
shape and color of your eyes can tell a
lot about your personality like if
you're an introvert a good friend or a
total pushover
so if you'd like to dig deep down into
your soul with just the help of a mirror
then keep watching to learn what your
eyes say about you be sure to hit that
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to stay in the know
here on the bright side now let's start
by exploring the size of your eyes large
eyes do you have big dull light eyes
this means that you're pretty perceptive
to the people around you you're
open-minded and are willing to take on
the emotions of others you are
incredibly passionate and come off very
warm which is why people love chatting
with you while you're very open and
trusting this can cause others to take
advantage of you be sure to use those
big eyes of yours to keep a lookout for
that small eyes if your eyes are on the
smaller side you're probably super
driven and passionate about anything you
set your mind to while you tend to be
very focused and goal-oriented you
aren't the most trusting this wariness
may come off as shyness or even
arrogance which can be off-putting to
people you're meeting for the first time
[Music]
next is shape so let's first determine
what yours is look at your eyes in the
mirror and focus on your eyelids if they
curve gradually this is referred to as
the almond shape because well it looks
like an almond if the curve is way more
pronounced and the center of your lid is
by far the highest you have round eyes
so what does your eye shape say about
you almond shaped eyes this eye shape is
often regarded as somewhat mystical
people with almond eyes tend to be more
cautious about things however you're
usually able to keep your composure in
stressful situations like emergencies or
natural disasters for example if you're
in a crowded place and someone starts
having a heart attack or seizure you're
usually the one who tells everyone to
stay calm and makes the 911 you always
know the right thing to do because of
this composure you don't usually like to
show a lot of emotion but deep down
you're a really sweet compassionate
human being with a heart of gold ah
[Music]
rounded eyes do you often catch yourself
getting lost in a daydream well you must
have rounded eyes you're more prone to
running away with your imagination which
is probably why you do well in creative
industries like graphic design and
writing you're in touch with your
emotions which is a great quality at the
same time though it often causes you to
be a bit moody in other words you have a
tough time keeping your thoughts and
opinions to yourself which can get you
into trouble every now and then but
lucky for you people are drawn to your
charismatic personality and forgive you
for lashing out at them
[Music]
okay now let's get into the nitty-gritty
the positioning of your eyes on your
face can say even more about your
personality figuring this out can be a
little tricky but stick with me here
[Music]
deep set eyes when you look in the
mirror does your brow bone appear to go
far past your eyes if your eyes look
like they're set far into your face you
have deep set eyes this means you're a
romantic at heart and often feel
intensely about your passions in life
they're also fairly quiet and take the
time to observe the people and things
around you you've gotten quite good at
analyzing other people's behavior and
can tell a lot about them just by
watching them this can come off a bit
creepy so make sure you catch yourself
if you're staring a little too hard
prominent eyes when people look at your
face are your eyes the first thing they
notice that means you have prominent
eyes if you sport these kind of lookers
chances are that you're incredibly
sensitive this sensitivity often
presents itself as compassion which is
why you're very close with your friends
and family but since you care so much
about the people you love you tend to
worry a lot about them which can lead to
a pessimistic outlook on life well it's
great to care so much about your loved
ones it's important not to let your
worries for their well-being consume you
you're important too
[Music]
downward slanted eyes do your eyes slant
downward a bit this means you're super
easy to get along with so it comes as no
surprise that you're quite popular but
be careful you tend to rely heavily on
your friends and sometimes confuse their
opinions with your own sure this trait
makes it easy for others to click with
you but it causes you to forget who you
really are at heart don't let people
dominate you and take a stand when you
need to always remember to be yourself
upward slanted eyes if your eyes slant
upward they're often referred to as cat
eyes meow like a cat you find yourself
getting feisty from time to time
you love dishing out comebacks and have
a really sharp with this vivacious
personality makes you very fun to be
around
you're also a determined individual so
if you want something you best believe
you're going to get it however this
determination can be seen as
opportunistic behavior and even
selfishness at times it's okay to rein
it back a little and just chill from
time to time droopy eyes do your eyes
have a tired look to them if your
eyelids come down a bit over your eyes
then they be considered droopy this
feature is often seen on very warm and
sensual people you love indulging in
things that make you feel good if you
have a craving for french fries you go
for it if you need a vacation
you'll book it but be careful not to
overindulge
too much of a good thing is a real
problem you know
hooded eyes if the skin on your brow
bone covers your upper lid down to its
crease that's known as a hooded eyelid
one of your favorite things to do in
life is to help others you love lending
a hand and often put others above
yourself while this is a wonderful trait
it's important not to neglect the things
you need it's okay to take a personal
day and tend to your needs every once in
a while this reluctance also comes out
in an inability to stand up for yourself
if you see something happening that you
aren't okay with then speak up about it
otherwise these things will eat away at
you okay you've determined what the
shape of your eyes mean but what about
the color first of all the science
behind it is super cool that colored
portion surrounding the pupil is called
the iris your pupil becomes bigger or
smaller because the muscles in the iris
contract and relax they do this
depending on the lighting they force the
pupil to dilate when there isn't enough
light so that more will enter the eye
and vice versa when there's too much
light as for their color it's determined
by the melanin the same thing that
determines the color of your skin
anyway science aside let's see what your
particular concentration of eye melanin
aka eye color says about you blue eyes
a lot of babies are born with blue
irises but in many cases they change to
a different color as they grow up
that's why true blue eyes are seen as
useful people with blue eyes are also
considered peaceful and calm hazel eyes
if your eyes look like a mix of green
and brown
they're known as hazel eyes you love
being spontaneous and if someone
challenges you to something you'll never
back down this way of thinking can get
you into trouble sometimes let's just
say you take the game of truth or dare
very seriously brown eyes while brown
eyes are rather common you definitely
don't follow the crowd
you're quite independent and like doing
things your own way you're secure and
who you are and people really trust you
green eyes if you have green eyes you
can't help but be curious about things
you live life to the fullest and will
get creative whenever given the chance
you love learning about other people but
this can make you feel jealous at times
[Music]
black eyes if you have black eyes which
by the way are actually just SuperDuper
dark brown mystery is your middle name
you're great at keeping secrets and are
incredibly loyal to the people you love
your intuition is spot-on so be sure to
always listen to what your heart is
telling you
so was your personality reading based on
your eyes shape and color accurate for
you well let us know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life